README.md, before:

# RPNapes

<!-- [Reverse Polish Notation Calcamatron](https://napesweaver.github.io/rpnapes/) -->
<a href="https://napesweaver.github.io/rpnapes/" target="_blank">Reverse Polish Notation Calcamatron</a>



## Calcamatron

My first and favorite JS project - much of the code still needs refactoring.

This calcamatron uses Reverse Polish Notation and also works algebraically. The UI includes a visible and interactive stack. Programmable. Units are supported but no complex maths yet.

This project does not use any JQuery and Works offline. Some effort has been made to keep it compatible for backwardly browsers.

![Calcamatron](images/screenshots/rpnapes.jpg)
![Shifted calcamatron](images/screenshots/rpnapes-2.jpg)

Features include the ability to open, save, load and run simple code snippets:

`maxCount = prompt('Enter a number number','25');`

`getFizzBuzz = function(w){ word = w;if (w % 3 === 0) word = 'fizz'; if(w % 5 === 0) word = 'buzz'; if (w % 15 === 0) word = 'fizzbuzz'; return word}`

`for(w = 1; w <= maxCount; w++){ word=getFizzBuzz(w); $('txt-input').value=''; $('txt-input').value=word; enterInput(); }`

## Notes
A separate interface for note taking is also implemented.

![Notes](images/screenshots/notes.jpg)
![Notes](images/screenshots/notes2.jpg)

The stack and the notes can each be saved independently, locally, to cookies. 

Opening and saving text files is supported thanks to Eli Grey's [FileSaver.js](https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/).

Darryl Snow's [moveCursorToEnd](https://gist.github.com/darryl-snow/3990793) function saved the day in my attempts to wrangle with mobile keypads.

The [stopwatch](https://tinloof.com/blog/how-to-build-a-stopwatch-with-html-css-js-react-part-2/) tutorial on tinloof.com made including that feature too tempting. Thanks to Omar Benseddik.

## Tricorder

![Tricorder](images/screenshots/tricorder.jpg)

The original tricorder image can be found on [IMGBIN](https://imgbin.com/png/7Ay8HnU3/medical-tricorder-star-trek-x-prize-foundation-hypospray-png). Thanks to keiske84.

The tricorder doesn't do much. It displays a weather forecast and weather map, from [darksky.net/forecast](https://darksky.net/forecast) and [maps.darksky.net](https://maps.darksky.net) There are also a few [Shoutcast](https://directory.shoutcast.com/) Internet radio stations and YouTube videos embedded in iFrames.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to reflect implementation for complex maths

README.md, after:

# RPNapes

<!-- [Reverse Polish Notation Calcamatron](https://napesweaver.github.io/rpnapes/) -->
<a href="https://napesweaver.github.io/rpnapes/" target="_blank">Reverse Polish Notation Calcamatron</a>



## Calcamatron

My first and favorite JS project - much of the code still needs refactoring.

This calcamatron uses Reverse Polish Notation and works algebraically. Also, it is programmable. The UI includes a visible, interactive, stack that can be saved to a cookie. Complex numbers and units are supported as well as opening and saving files.

The project does not use any JQuery and Works offline. Some effort has been made to keep it compatible for backwardly browsers.

![Calcamatron](images/screenshots/rpnapes.jpg)

![Shifted calcamatron](images/screenshots/rpnapes-2.jpg)

Features include the ability to open, save, load and run simple code snippets:

`maxCount = prompt('Enter a number number','25');`

`getFizzBuzz = function(w){ word = w;if (w % 3 === 0) word = 'fizz'; if(w % 5 === 0) word = 'buzz'; if (w % 15 === 0) word = 'fizzbuzz'; return word}`

`for(w = 1; w <= maxCount; w++){ word=getFizzBuzz(w); $('txt-input').value=''; $('txt-input').value=word; enterInput(); }`

## Notes
A separate interface for note taking is also implemented.

![Notes](images/screenshots/notes.jpg)

![Notes](images/screenshots/notes2.jpg)

Thanks to [Mathjs.org](https://mathjs.org/) for the math.js library - made implementing complex numbers easy :)

Opening and saving text files is supported thanks to Eli Grey's [FileSaver.js](https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/).

Darryl Snow's [moveCursorToEnd](https://gist.github.com/darryl-snow/3990793) function saved the day in my attempts to wrangle with mobile keypads.

The [stopwatch](https://tinloof.com/blog/how-to-build-a-stopwatch-with-html-css-js-react-part-2/) tutorial by Omar Benseddik made including that feature (and timer) too tempting.

## Tricorder

![Tricorder](images/screenshots/tricorder.jpg)

The original tricorder image can be found on [IMGBIN](https://imgbin.com/png/7Ay8HnU3/medical-tricorder-star-trek-x-prize-foundation-hypospray-png). Thanks to keiske84.

The tricorder doesn't do much. It displays a weather forecast and weather map, from [darksky.net/forecast](https://darksky.net/forecast) and [maps.darksky.net](https://maps.darksky.net) There are also a few [Shoutcast](https://directory.shoutcast.com/) Internet radio stations and YouTube videos embedded in iFrames. Maybe some other useful links.
